[MUSIC]
>> Joe Nelson: Well,
one example of Point Free.
It takes it a sec for
the arrow keys to work.
Is this has points.
The point, points mean arguments.
So I don't know why they
call it Point Free.
Maybe in the analogy of when I was saying,
functions viewed as nouns or
whatever just take points to points.
Maybe that's what it was.
Or maybe, it's something like,
hm, I don't know.
But you could think of,
Point Free means argument free.
Making a new function without having to
say function taking argument x, y, z.
Or in this case,
taking the function error.
>> Joe Nelson: Let me find-
>> Speaker 2: All right, that's good.
>> Joe Nelson: I mean
these are all Point Free.
This has infinity.
That's still,
I'd have to declare a function.
>> Speaker 2: Yeah,
it's really like the data that's going in,
like that list is your point, you know?
>> Joe Nelson: I was looking for,
there was another one with the error.
>> Joe Nelson: Oops.
No, no, no, don't look at that.
Okay, here we go.
So this is that same
one without the point.
So it used to be on our call of
function that takes a point,
an argument named error and
it passes it in.
And instead of having to make
a function that takes a named argument,
we can substitute that with
a composition which creates a function.
It just doesn't have a name.
And then the argument doesn't have a name.
We didn't mention the argument.
So if I, I think it's four.
No, don't look at that again.
The slides are in an awkward order,
but we could code it in the JS bin.
But the point is, you know you're Point
Free when you're not saying function,
and then naming arguments and then using
those arguments inside the function.
When you have a palette of tools,
like compose that you can put
other stuff together with.
So you make a couple basic functions
like deep down at the bedrock,
often in a library like and
you could just push them together and
not name it when you're doing it.
Or like in our average thing, when I said
fork, I didn't use any variables there.
Let's see, go back.
Let's look at that.
This is totally Point Free.
So check it out, fork.
I define a thing called average.
And there are no variables.
I just say it's divide sum size fork.
It's like snapping Legos together.
So that's how I'd just define Point Free,
and know when you're using it.
>> Speaker 3: What's confusing
about that is it looks like you're
passing three arguments in four.
I mean, ultimately you are, right?
>> Joe Nelson: Passing,
really you are, yeah.
>> Joe Nelson: I see.
Just the fact that we're also doing
the currying on top of the composition?
Because four takes, four up here, but
we only gave it three down there.
Is that the confusing part?
>> Speaker 3: No, just, you say that if,
I understand what fork is doing.
I don't know that I have enough depth
of understanding to articulate what I
found confusion on.
>> Speaker 4: You're confused
about your confusion.
>> Speaker 3: Yeah.
>> Joe Nelson: Deep confusion.
>> Speaker 5: Jessie W wants to clear,
yeah,
I think I might-
>> Joe Nelson: Yeah,
fork isn't Point Free.
Average was built in a Point Free way.
Yeah, fork totally, here's the points.
Lastly, FG.
>> Speaker 3: I think that's
what I was trying to say.
>> Joe Nelson: Yeah, yeah, if I was
saying fork was, I was being sloppy.
Fork is not.
>> Speaker 2: And
since you have another minute or two,
it might be fun to just define,
just do two stupid composes to kinda show,
like maybe do the phone number
thing where we the dashes for,
you can make a replace
helper that's just curried.
Then replace the dashes for the slashes or
something, and-
>> Joe Nelson: Let's see.
>> Speaker 2: I don't know,
maybe you shouldn't.
I don't know.
How much lecture do you have left?
[LAUGH]
>> Joe Nelson: I got a couple slides.
Maybe would check out the slides and
see what kind of time we have and
how hungry we are and, yeah.